hi I'm alessia in this video
I want to tell about a mother who has
I attended a course of mine several months ago
and who told me how he used it
a linguistic model to manage a
particular communication situation
with his son in his mother's story
the son had just finished doing i
homework when he got up and went to
take the ball and started to
playing ball in the living room happens but
especially with the little ones and the
completely understandable reaction such as
it would have been to scream to say no
the ball is played at home, however
Mom knew this sentence the most
intuitive and also wrong from the point of
view of linguistic intelligence the
main reason is the most obvious is
that the sentence contains only one
ban a negative sentence instead
during the courses we had reasoned about the
need to strive to find a
alternative context in which the
inappropriate behavior becomes
appropriate
in fact there are behaviors that
they work fine in a certain
breaker but totally
unacceptable in another situation
then in front of the son he had
started playing ball in the living room
mom said put your jacket on and go
to play in the garden
using these words he transformed a
ban is not played ball in a
allowed to play ball in the garden
suggesting the right place for the
desired behavior
let us always remember that children
exactly how we adults don't like it
to be told that they cannot do
something if instead we provide a valid one
alternative
we avoid direct confrontation e
We encourage the behaviors of our
child in the appropriate context
one last tip is if it is not for you
possible for example suggest
immediately the appropriate context
for example because it's raining outside and the idea
to play ball in the garden is from
discard anticipates where and how
that behavior can be put into
act postponing a specific moment
the future therefore if for example in those
perhaps more days had a mother would have
could say tomorrow afternoon we go in
gym and even if it rains then play at
as much ball as you want
Now let's play another game together
remember providing a valid alternative
avoid confrontation and encourage i
behaviors in the appropriate contexts
now I leave you a few days to do
Practice these methods six questions
share your experience send me
an e-mail my address and roberti
alessio point communication snail
gmail.com
I'll answer as soon as possible see you
in a few days with the next video